Senior Manager, Digital Platform Engineering 
 Summery: 
The Senior Manager, Digital Platform Engineering is a technical leadership position with the 
skills and experience to manage our Digital Platform Engineering and Operations charter. 
This role is responsible for Managing the cloud platform and the roadmap, the devops 
pipeline and ensuring the availability and reliability of our entire digital ecosystem. You will 
lead, mentor, and grow a team of technology professionals, influencing the technical 
direction and ensuring the health and integrity of our systems. You will play a key role in a 
global organization, impacting business in over 30 countries. 
 Strategic Execution: You will drive the implementation of our Cloud and DevOps 
strategy to build the cloud platform features, optimize delivery and enable industry 
best practices for scalable operations. 
 Site Reliability Engineering (SRE): You will lead a team of highly skilled 
engineers and problem solvers focused on creating innovative solutions that exceed 
customer needs while maintaining robust platform reliability. 
 Build & Release: You will mature our processes to improve the reliability, 
execution, and frequency of our build and release pipelines, ensuring new features 
are deployed securely and without compromising system stability. 
 Roles & Responsibilities: 
 Platform & Cloud Engineering: 
 Lead the design, implementation, and optimization of our cloud 
solutions, including infrastructure as code (IaC) using tools 
like Terraform.  
 Oversee the design and maintenance of automated CI/CD pipelines, 
focusing on continuous integration, deployment, and testing.  
 Establish performance monitoring, capacity management, and load 
testing strategies to maintain high-performance systems and ensure 
zero downtime.  
 Digital Platform Operations 
 Manage and mentor the operations and engineering team to support our 
high-volume B2B eCommerce websites. 
 Provide technical leadership, coaching, and direction to the team. 
 Support an agile work environment to deliver programs while balancing time, 
cost, and scope. 
 Support robust change and configuration management practices. 
 Collaborate with the architecture team to design and implement 
infrastructure and application architecture with an emphasis on availability, 
and reliability. 
 Provide 24x7 technical support for the production environment, participating 
in an on-call schedule as needed. 
 Ensure the development and maintenance of comprehensive technical and 
operational documentation. 
 Financials and Vendor Management 
 Assist in managing the department's budget and forecast, ensuring initiatives 
meet budget guidelines. 
 Manage third-party vendors and service providers, overseeing performance, 
SLAs, and incident handling. 
 People Management 
 Implement strategies to attract, retain, motivate, and develop talent within 
the team. 
 Assess and address team skill and knowledge gaps, particularly in the areas of 
devops and cloud technologies. 
 Provide regular feedback, coaching, and mentorship to team members to 
foster professional growth. 
 Qualification: 
 Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or a related field. 
 14+ years' experience in the development and delivery of large-scale eCommerce 
solutions. 
 Deep expertise in public cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or GCP.  
 Experience with building CI/CD pipelines, deployment automation, configuration 
management, and build tools (e.g., Jenkins, Puppet, Ansible). 
 Experience in building and managing container platforms like Docker and 
Kubernetes. 
 Proficiency in scripting languages such as Shell, Groovy, or Python. 
 Experience with cloud-hosted application monitoring and security tools. 
 Excellent collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively across development, 
operations, and business teams. 
 Experience working in an Agile/Kanban development environment. 
 Excellent communication skills with the ability to present complex technical 
information clearly and concisely to diverse audiences. 
 AWS, Azure, GCP, Cloud, Devops, CI/CD, Jenkins, Ansible, Datadog, Docker and Kubernetes, 
Shell, Groovy, Python, Terraform. 